README.md, before:

# Restaurant-Webpack
Restaurant plain webpage with four sections, using Webpack and javascript to navigate through them.

![](https://i.imgur.com/fWbm1t6.jpg)

## Built with
- JAVASCRIPT
- WEBPACK
- HTML + CSS

## Live Demo
[Click to open demo](http://chubaquelo.github.io/Restaurant-Webpack/dist/index.html)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

# Instructions (Set Up)

Clone this repository in your computer
```
$  git clone https://github.com/chubaquelo/Restaurant-Webpack
```
Access the folder where you cloned the project in your explorer and open ./dist/index.html

## Authors

👤 **Sergio Obolevich**

- Github: [@chubaquelo](https://github.com/chubaquelo)
- Twitter: [@sergioobolevich](https://twitter.com/SergioObolevich)
- Linkedin: [sergio-obolevich](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergio-obolevich/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/).
- [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/chubaquelo/re-former/blob/form/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add Install npm dependencies instruction.

README.md, after:

# Restaurant-Webpack
Restaurant plain webpage with four sections, using Webpack and javascript to navigate through them.

![](https://i.imgur.com/fWbm1t6.jpg)

## Built with
- JAVASCRIPT
- WEBPACK
- HTML + CSS

## Live Demo
[Click to open demo](http://chubaquelo.github.io/Restaurant-Webpack/dist/index.html)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

# Instructions (Set Up)

Clone this repository in your computer
```
$  git clone https://github.com/chubaquelo/Restaurant-Webpack
```
Install the npm dependencies if you are gonna change the source code.
Access the folder where you cloned the project in your explorer and open ./dist/index.html

## Authors

👤 **Sergio Obolevich**

- Github: [@chubaquelo](https://github.com/chubaquelo)
- Twitter: [@sergioobolevich](https://twitter.com/SergioObolevich)
- Linkedin: [sergio-obolevich](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergio-obolevich/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/).
- [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/chubaquelo/re-former/blob/form/LICENSE).
